The project presented below takes the name of Klío, Greek muse of dramatic poetry, and consists of a movie theater management system which is also accompanied by a website through which Internet users can consult the billboard and buy tickets. For its development, we have used the following programming languages: PHP, HTML, CSS and Javascript. The Laravel framework has also been used in order to maintain a clear model-view-controller division, to provide a greater degree of security and to take advantage of the numerous functionalities that Laravel offers when it comes to programming, including the user authentication system , its creation and management of databases and its automatic generation of classes and controllers. 

Through Klío management system, cinema managers can store, edit and delete films, rooms, sessions and products. A lot of effort has been placed on the methods that give managers information about the availability of hours to place new shows. Also, using the features that JSON offers, the system is able to paint the seats of the rooms and allow users to interact with them. 

Through the cinema website associated to the management system, users can check the billboard, access the individual pages of each film and, once the seats are selected, buy snacks and drinks in advance. After all this process, users receive an email with their tickets. 

In the future, we aspire to expand the application's functionalities and, above all, to make it much more customizable by the user (Wordpress mode). Our ultimate goal is to become a real alternative to the expensive management systems developed by big IT companies and offer an easy and intuitive management system to medium and small cinemas and theaters.
